Emilia Syah Putri +62 0822-2947-2064 | emiliasyahputri2003@gmail.com | https://www .linkedin.com/in/emilia-syah-0032ab199/ A motivated undergraduate student of Informatics Engineering at Brawijaya University that is a knowledge-curious, communicative, quick learner, and teamwork person with strong interest in game development, mobile development, system analyst, and project management. Proficient in Kotlin, C++, MS Office (Ms. Word, Excel, and PPT), SQL and MySQL. I am eager to apply and expand my knowledge in these roles. Open to learning new frameworks and tools in project management and IT product development domain. EDUCA TIONS BRAWIJAYA UNIVERSITY | MALANG, INDONESIA Aug 2022 - Present Faculty of Computer Science, Informatics Engineering, GPA 3.68/4.00 ● Subject: Database, Web Programming, Software Engineering, Interactive Systems Programming, Game Progamming, Mobile Programming, Project Management, Machine Learning, System Analysis. EXPERIENCES 1st WINNER DEKAN CUP | FILKOM UNIVERSITY OF BRAWIJAYA Project Manager for PKM Innovative Work Category Oct 2022 – Dec 2022 ● Developed a detailed project timeline using agile DLC to ensure milestone alignment. ● Created a detailed game visual design document, outlining key elements such as character designs, environment aesthetics, and user interaction models. ● Designed the game system architecture, focusing on scalability, user engagement, and seamless integration of features. ● Drafted a thorough game concept proposal, highlighting innovative elements to captivate users, and prepared persuasive presentation materials for judges. GLOBAL TOP 100 | GDSC SOLUTION CHALLENGE 2024 Project Manager for FLONN Dec 2023 – April 2024 ● Work together with a fullstack web developer, an UI/UX designer, and a system analyst to complete this project. ● Conducted three in-depth presentations of the project’s development progress to Google mentors, incorporating feedback to refine the solution iteratively. ● Created an engaging and visually appealing project pitch deck, showcasing key features, value propositions, and potential impact of the solution. 2nd WINNER DIGICOM | UNIVERSITY OF BANGKA BELITUNG Project Manager for Includify Oct 2024 – Sept 2024 ● Conceptualized and developed the mobile system architecture, ensuring alignment with user needs and competition guidelines. ● Performed comprehensive system and user requirement analysis, conducting market research and user interviews to inform development decisions. ● Prepared and delivered a compelling product pitch deck presentation, effectively communicating the system’s innovative features and competitive advantages. ORGANIZA TIONS HIMPUNAN MAHASISWA DEPARTEMEN TEKNIK INFORMATIKA UNIVERSITY OF BRAWIJAYA Secretary of Himpunan Mahasiswa Departemen Teknik Informatika Feb 2024 – Present ● Oversee administrative tasks, including drafting proposals, invitation letters, and other documentation for departmental work programs. ● Provide guidance and advice on administrative processes and faculty bureaucracy to ensure smooth operations. ● Monitor and support the implementation of work programs across IT, business, advocacy, and student welfare departments. Staff of Advocacy and Student Welfare Feb 2023 – Dec 2023 ● Moderated an advocacy program, representing undergraduate students academic concerns and facilitating productive discussions. ● Acted as a mediator and point of contact for department students, addressing their academic and welfare-related issues. ● Compiled and updated scholarship information, regularly sharing updates on social media platforms to benefit students. PROJECTS Includify Oct 2024 – Sept 2024 Project Manager ● Planned and developed the project timeline, mobile architecture system design, and core functionalities. ● Led research efforts on user problems and competitor analysis, collaborating with the team to prioritize features using a feature prioritization diagram. ● Delivered a compelling product pitch deck presentation to communicate the projects vision and impact. Flonn Dec 2023 – April 2024 Project Manager and UI/UX Designer ● Conducted systematic user research to identify needs, expectations, and requirements for the platform. ● Created comprehensive user requirement documentation to guide the development process and ensure alignment with user needs. ● Presented project development progress in three sessions with Google mentors, mediating discussions as a translator for the team. ● Contributed to UI/UX design and Created an engaging and visually appealing project pitch deck, showcasing key features, value propositions, and potential impact of the solution. SleeveUp Nov 2024 –Dec 2024 Project Manager and Front End Developer ● Conducted systematic user research to identify needs, expectations, and requirements for the platform. ● Collaborated closely with a full-stack mobile developer and UI/UX designer to ensure seamless project integration and delivery. ● Developed and programmed the mobile app’s user interface, focusing on responsive design and user-friendly functionality. Estungkara: Sebuah Perjalanan Mengenal Budaya Oct 2022 –Dec 2022 Project Manager ● Designed and executed the project timeline, ensuring all deliverables were met within deadlines. ● Authored a detailed proposal for the game concept and delivered an engaging presentation to stakeholders. ● Created a comprehensive game visual design document, detailing key visual elements and interactive components. ● Designed the game system architecture, focusing on scalability, user engagement, and seamless integration of features. SKILL & OTHER Soft Skills: Critical Thinking, Communicative, Interpersonal, Teamwork, Time Management, Team Management, Project Management, Adaptability, Creativity. Hard Skills: Kotlin, C++, MS. Office, SQL, MySQL. Tools: Figma, Notion, Git, Visual Studio Code, Unity, MS. Office, Visual Studio 2022, Lucid chart. Languages: Indonesia (Native), English (Professional).