Jeyhan Farrel Alfarisqi +62 823 3242 3779 | jeyhanfa@gmail.com | Malang, Indonesia github.com/Jeyhan30 | www .linkedin.com/in/jeyhanfa30 I am a Bachelor of Informatics Engineering student at Brawijaya University with a great interest in mobile application development. I have experience in using Kotlin and Android Studio to build Android-based applications, such as Hope, an application designed to support trauma recovery for survivors of violence. In addition, I have skills in object-oriented programming, database management, and interface design using Figma. With a combination of technical skills and organizational experience that has honed project management and communication skills, I am ready to contribute as a mobile developer in innovative and impactful projects. Education Level Universitas Brawijaya S1 Informatics Engineering Courses: Basic Programming (Java), Object Oriented Programming (Java), Database (sql), Web Programming (php laravel), Mobile Application Development (Kotlin Android Studio), etc MBI Amanatul Ummah General Education Mts Unggulan Amanatul Ummah Prog. Excellent General Education Aug 2022–Present Jul 2019-Jun 2022 Jul 2016-Jun 2019 Working Experience PT Cipta Lestari Esatama & PT Tutorkita Ilmu Nusantara 05 Maret - 05 Juni 2023 Person In Charge ● Academic information coordinator in providing preparatory courses before campus exams ● Bridging the PT with students of the Faculty of Computer Science for the provision of courses Organizational Experience Eksekutif Mahasiswa Universitas Brawijaya Feb 2024–Present taff of the Ministry of Action and Propaganda ● Agitation and Propaganda Directorate ● Create illustrations, poster designs and videos in response to issues, from university to national levels. ● ead the “quarterly memoir” work program which is held every three months, a recapitulation of 3-monthly issues as well as the performance of the ministry every 3 months in the form of digital content Commitee Experience Pengenalan Kehidupan Kampus Mahasiswa Baru (PKKMB) Jul 2023–Nov 2023 Event Division Staff ● Design event concepts according to the theme and objectives. ● Create a detailed timeline or rundown of the event (from opening to closing). ● Manage the event according to the rundown, ensuring there are no delays or disruptions. ● Be a liaison to handle any sudden issues that may arise during the event. ● Evaluate the implementation of the event after it is finished to provide input for the next event. Sekolah Gemastik 2023 Universitas Brawijaya Jun 2023 Event Division Staff ● Design event concepts according to the theme and objectives. ● Create a detailed timeline or rundown of the event (from opening to closing). ● Manage the event according to the rundown, ensuring there are no delays or disruptions. ● Be a liaison to handle any sudden issues that may arise during the event. ● Evaluate the implementation of the event after it is finished to provide input for the next event. September Hitam Sep 2024 Deputy Head of Public Relations and Sponsorship Division ● Be an official representative to contact guests, speakers, or related agencies. ● Maintain good relations with parties who have collaborated or participated. ● Create a sponsorship proposal as a request for funds to support activities aimed at potential sponsors Skills and Language ● Soft Skills: Project Management, Leadership, Strategic Planning, Communication, Relationship Building. ● Hard Skills: Figma, Php Laravel, Html, Css, Java, Matlab, Python, GNU Octave, Xml, SQL,Kotlin, Microsoft Office Suite, Google Sheets, Google Colabs, Artificial Intelligence. ● Language: English, Bahasa Indonesia (Native) Certificate ● Database Design Training by Oracle ● Database Programming with SQL training by Oracle Project ● “Hope” app using Android Studio | Jetpack Compose Creating an Android-based mobile application to support trauma recovery for survivors of violence and abuse. ● Web Shortstories using Visual Studio Code |php laravel Creating a website with a purposecreate an effective container or platform to facilitate and promote the hobby of reading and writing among the community ● Student Counseling Web Design | Figma & SSMS Creating web design and database design on SQL Server Management Studio to support counseling activities at the Faculty of Computer Science UB ● Perancangan web booking game | Figma Create a web design by implementing a design system (use case diagram, sequence diagram, use case scenario) to create a game booking system at the Game Corner at the Faculty of Computer Science UB.